readme.md, before:

# Flow3 Auto Sharing Bandwith

for sharing bandwith to earning flow3

## Features

- Multi Account
- Uses proxies to avoid IP bans/Limit.

## Requirements

- Node.js v18.20.6 LTS [Download](https://nodejs.org/dist/v18.20.6/node-v18.20.6-x64.msi).
- Account Flow3 [Flow3](https://dashboard.flow3.tech/?ref=UVRKPHgSp)
- Proxy (Optional). Best Proxy [Cherry Proxy](https://center.cherryproxy.com/Login/Register?invite=029ad2d3)

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/ahlulmukh/flow3-bot.git
   cd flow3-bot
   ```

2. Instal Packages:

   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

3. Create a `proxy.txt` file in the root directory and add your proxies (one per line) (Optional).

   ```
   http://user:pass@host:port
   http://user:pass@host:port
   http://user:pass@host:port
   ```

4. Create account file, `nano accounts.txt`, and put your refreshToken one per line

   ```
   eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9
   eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9
   eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9
   ```

## Usage

1. Run the bot:

```sh
node .
```

2. And Done

## Stay Connected

- Channel Telegram : [Telegram](https://t.me/elpuqus)
- Channel WhatsApp : [Whatsapp](https://whatsapp.com/channel/0029VavBRhGBqbrEF9vxal1R)
- Discord : [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/uKM4UCAccY)

## Donation

If you would like to support the development of this project, you can make a donation using the following addresses:

- Solana: `FdHsx8He55QgRCSv6NMEpFfkjXFsXFEeWEpJpo7sUQZe`
- EVM: `0x406de5ec09201002c45fdd408ab23159cd12fa3e`
- BTC: `bc1prze475lgalevngrhwq6r9wyng3rl3zskyru4rn4k6j8kwzmmczmqcd7u7y`

## Disclaimer

This tool is for educational purposes only. Use it at your own risk.

Commit message:

docs: add instructions for obtaining refresh token in README

readme.md, after:

# Flow3 Auto Sharing Bandwith

for sharing bandwith to earning flow3

## Features

- Multi Account
- Uses proxies to avoid IP bans/Limit.

## Requirements

- Node.js v18.20.6 LTS [Download](https://nodejs.org/dist/v18.20.6/node-v18.20.6-x64.msi).
- Account Flow3 [Flow3](https://dashboard.flow3.tech/?ref=UVRKPHgSp)
- Proxy (Optional). Best Proxy [Cherry Proxy](https://center.cherryproxy.com/Login/Register?invite=029ad2d3)

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/ahlulmukh/flow3-bot.git
   cd flow3-bot
   ```

2. Instal Packages:

   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

3. Create a `proxy.txt` file in the root directory and add your proxies (one per line) (Optional).

   ```
   http://user:pass@host:port
   http://user:pass@host:port
   http://user:pass@host:port
   ```

4. Create account file, `nano accounts.txt`, and put your refreshToken one per line

   ```
   eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9
   eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9
   eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9
   ```

## How To Get Refresh Token??

Go to extension and inspect or open developer console, you reload with ctrl + r in extension, and you will find refreshToken like this picture

![RefreshToken](https://imgur.com/NMxFU2I)

## Usage

1. Run the bot:

```sh
node .
```

2. And Done

## Stay Connected

- Channel Telegram : [Telegram](https://t.me/elpuqus)
- Channel WhatsApp : [Whatsapp](https://whatsapp.com/channel/0029VavBRhGBqbrEF9vxal1R)
- Discord : [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/uKM4UCAccY)

## Donation

If you would like to support the development of this project, you can make a donation using the following addresses:

- Solana: `FdHsx8He55QgRCSv6NMEpFfkjXFsXFEeWEpJpo7sUQZe`
- EVM: `0x406de5ec09201002c45fdd408ab23159cd12fa3e`
- BTC: `bc1prze475lgalevngrhwq6r9wyng3rl3zskyru4rn4k6j8kwzmmczmqcd7u7y`

## Disclaimer

This tool is for educational purposes only. Use it at your own risk.
